Oh pens no radio newspapers a political
conversation visitors a once per month I
could get used to this you are the white
Mandela you're not the most deluded of
them all we've heard about you too how
many of them don't plan on staying that
long it's 20 foot high
the poor boy suffers everything and
should be off for us with guns
lock up into thorn panels in any
perfection they just lead you back on
the prison property everybody comes in
here and I'm gonna break you out of here
about next click always the first time
it's much exactly you wanna link you
with answers Android know what got them
crazy so all we have to do is make a
really complete escape then get it to
reach your key out on the other side of
a steel panel trees they can talk to
which we have totally no access I love
it
if I'll get 25 years of your lucky a
bullet in their head of you not
[Music]
what is this
- how plan is doomed to failure
you didn't do anything
we are prisoners of conscience it's
different for us
well we're prisoners of war
[Music]
what is how much a tipper its to Pyke us
this is how we fight
hold on today they know their demands it
is another world that's a promise
[Applause]
[Music]
you